docs: Update ECS docs for IAM auth method support (#13222)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/ecs/manual/acl-controller.mdx

# Install the ACL Controller

This topic describes how to manually deploy the ACL controller, which will automatically configure the [AWS IAM Auth Method](/security/acl/auth-methods/aws-iam). If you are using Terraform, refer to the [Terraform Secure Configuration](/docs/ecs/terraform/secure-configuration) page to deploy the ACL controller.

## Prerequisites

* Your application tasks must include certain tags to be compatible with the ACL controller.
Refer to the [Task Tags](/docs/ecs/manual/install#task-tags) section of the installation page.
* You should be familiar with configuring Consul's secure features, including how to create ACL tokens and policies. Refer to the following [Learn Guides](https://learn.hashicorp.com/collections/consul/security) for an introduction and the [ACL system](/docs/security/acl) documentation for more information.

> -> **NOTE:** If you are using the ACL controller with multiple ECS clusters, each cluster requires

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** If you are using the ACL controller with multiple ECS clusters, each cluster requires
```
I would take this out of the callout and make it part of the prerequisites list

In the `containerDefinitions` list, include one container with the following fields.

| Field name    | Type    | Description                                                                                                                                 |
| -----------   | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------            |
| `name`        | string  | The container name, which should be `acl-controller`                                                                                        |
| `image`       | string  | The `consul-ecs` image. Use our public AWS registry, `public.ecr.aws/hashicorp/consul-ecs`, to avoid rate limits.                           |
| `command`     | list    | Should be set as shown. The startup command for the ACL controller.                                                                         |
| `essential`   | boolean | Must be `true` to ensure the health of your application container affects the health status of the task.                                    |

> | `secrets`     | list    | Must set `CONSUL_HTTP_TOKEN` to a Consul ACL token and, if applicable, set `CONSUL_CACERT_PEM` if a Consul server CA certificate is needed. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `secrets`     | list    | Must set `CONSUL_HTTP_TOKEN` to a Consul ACL token and, if applicable, set `CONSUL_CACERT_PEM` if a Consul server CA certificate is needed. |
```
This description is still confusing. Are the values the two environment variables? Is this saying that you have to set the env vars first, then you can use them as values for this field?

> | `environment` | string  | Must set `CONSUL_HTTP_ADDR` to the address of the HTTP API of your Consul servers.                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `environment` | string  | Must set `CONSUL_HTTP_ADDR` to the address of the HTTP API of your Consul servers.                                                          |
```
Same question as previous row

The following CLI options are available in the `command` field of the container definition.

| Flag                        | Type    | Description                                                                                                          |
| --------------------------- | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `-iam-role-path`            | string  | IAM roles at this path will be trusted by the AWS IAM auth method created by the controller.                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-iam-role-path`            | string  | Specifies the path to IAM roles trusted by the AWS IAM auth method created by the controller.                         |
```
